MiningPatientRecords is a project done for the research project Mining Causal Graphs from Patient Records: A Feasibility Study.
The project uses three files to format input from the initial patient record and its corresponding annotation file to Weka-readable input.
It uses the python files in the folder to annotate the text files with additional layers.
For more information, please refer to the paper.

Below please find a short description of each file.

Each patient record consists of the text file ( record-**.txt) and a list of annotations on which text chunks refer to problems, tests and treatments (record-**.con). 

MiningConcepts contains 4 functions: The first one converts record-13.con to con-13.txt. The second then turns con-13.txt into conlist-13.txt, which is a CSV file containing the concepts in IOB format. The third function converts record-**.txt to text-**.txt, which is a file that puts every word on a separate line. The final function combines conlist-**.txt and text-**.txt and creates a CSV file with each word in the patient record on a separate line, and the concepts in the next column. This file is called output-**.txt.

The python files create additional layers to the input, which results in machine learning input for Weka. POS-tags and chunks are currently displayed in the additional layers.

The complete files (output-**.txt) are converted to weka-readable input, called weka-**.txt. This is done in MiningWeka.

The file AppendFiles takes in the input generated in the java code, and the layers of annotation in the python code. The python code has generated files called record-**.txtprocessed.txt, and these files are appended with wekaInput.csv.


